# DreamApp
## Context
AI capabilities have taken an unexpected turn in the direction of art. What was thought to be the last capability for advanced AI models to conquer, appears as though it is going to be one of the first. The fact that the creation and appreciatation of art is so inherently human cannot easily be rationalised, but is evident. For many thousands of years narratives have provided humanity with unity, direction, understanding and meaning. Today, popular narratives play a similar role. The global film entertainment industry is of great magnitude (>300B AUD) and showcases some of the most resource expensive artefacts in human history. Fiction books, though a smaller market, have been found to have positive affects on their readers, increasing social acuity, understanding of others motivations, empathy and compassion. Furthermore, the narratives that are popularised can have powerful influence over societal norms, think religious narratives and propaganda. Narratives are important to the individual and to broader society.

## Service
The form of the book has not changed signicantly since its inception, but this is about to change with the advent of AI-enabled DreamApp. DreamApp utilises AI technology to create a deeply personalised narrative for their users, making reading more interactive, accessible and engaging. DreamApp takes user preferences and inputs to create a novel that is comprehensible and interesting to the reader. This experience can also be shared with friends and community, essentially producing a decentralised narrative.
